- So Explore California sent us some new requirements.
They would like us to allow their travelers
to rate tours on the website
and let potential travelers see the average score
for a tour.
So let's look at these five use cases.
First, rate a tour.
Note that a traveler has a unique customer ID.
Modify a tour.
Again, a traveler has a unique customer ID.
The next use case, view all ratings.
Customer ID is not needed here.
And now, the view average score use case.
The customer ID is not needed here either.
And finally, expected response codes to various scenarios.
So a 201 should be returned when a rating is created,
a 400 whenever a bad data is passed in on the APIs,
and then a 404 if it's an invalid tour ID.
In the exercise files, I want to show you
the JPA entity and spring data repositories
I've already implemented.
When we start any design,
we must first identify the nouns in the use cases.
So the use case nouns are score, comment,
customer identifier, and tour.
Here, I collectively call that a tour rating.
So the attributes of a tour rating are a score,
and a comment, and I have an embedded ID,
which is a tour rating pk.
Pk stands for primary key.
So let's look at the tour rating pk.
This is a compound primary key for a tour rating,
and it contains a tour
and a customer ID.
For simplicity of the exercises,
we will not maintain a customer repository.
Next, we have a tour rating repository.
I do not want this repository to be exposed
to spring data rest,
so I set exported = false
in the repository rest resource annotation.
Then I have two methods in the tour rating repository.
Find by pk tourId, which returns a list of tour ratings
and find by pk tourId
and pk customerId,
which would return one unique tour rating.
Finally, there is a tour rating controller
in the web package.
On line 13, there is a base url mapping,
and it is tours/tourId/ratings
because a rating is always associated with one tour.
This controller will need to look up ratings and tours
so we will inject tour rating repository
and tour repository in the constructor.
It's better style to inject the service,
but we are trying to keep this example simple.